Add the `Online rankings history` articles (#4720)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!_rankings_history/en.md

---
tags:
  - history
  - leaderboard
  - rank 1
  - rank #1
  - rankings
  - top player
---

# osu! Rankings History

The following is a list of players who are recognized to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! Global Rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).

Over the years the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:

- [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (July 2007 – 24 July 2012)
- [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) (24 July 2012 – 27 January 2014)
- [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) (27 January 2014 – Present)

Because of this, this list will only include players who reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time of reaching said rank. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player are continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or onto the following year.

## 2007

> *Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would often change as of such this list only includes users who have been verified to have reached Rank #1. Early dates use months where exact dates aren't available.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would change frequently. Becaues of this, this list will only includes user who have been verified to have reached Rank #1. Earlier listings may use months where exact dates aren't available.*
```
Sounds weird. Also, not sure why we need to have the "verified" bit because, isn't every listing verified here? If not, consider just removing it
```suggestion
*Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may use months where exact dates aren't available.*
```

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | 2007-10-4 | October 2007 |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | October 2007 | 2007-10-11 |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-11 | 2007-12-24 |

> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2007-12-24 | *2008-09-07* |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

## 2008

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | *2007-12-24* | 2008-09-07 |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-07 |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-10-07 |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-10-07 | 2008-12-11 |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-12-11 | *2009-01-19* |

## 2009

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | *2008-12-11* | 2009-01-19 |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-01-19 | March 2009 |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | March 2009 | March 2009 |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | March 2009 | April 2009 |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | April 2009 | April 2009 |

> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | April 2009 | June 2009 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | April 2009 | June 2009 |

Reviewer 2: Another source for Kubu 5 March #1: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683

| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | July 2009 |

> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | July 2009 | July 2009 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | September 2009 |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | September 2009 | November 2009 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | *2010-02-07* |

## 2010

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *November 2009* | 2010-02-07 |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-09-08 |

> | ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-09-08 | September 2010 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | December 2010 |

> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | December 2010 | *January 2011* |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

## 2011

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *December 2010* | January 2011 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-12-08* | January 2011 |
```
As per https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/files#r551291399

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

> | ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | January 2011 | January 2011 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2011-01-09 | January 2011 |
```
As per https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/files#r551291399

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | January 2011 | January 2011 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | January 2011 | February 2011 |

> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | February 2011 | 2011-04-23 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 2011-04-23 | 2011-05-31 |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-05-31 | 2011-06-05 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 2011-04-23 | 2011-05-18 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-05-18 | 2011-06-05 |
```
- chocomint was already rank 1 earlier on 18 May as can be concluded from this archive: https://web.archive.org/web/20110518091909/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= (note that this is an archive of the leaderboard sorted by TOTAL score, not ranked score)

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-06-05 | 2011-06-16 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-06-16 | 2011-11-05 |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2011-11-05 | *2012-04-20* |

## 2012

*Note: ppv1 fully replaced Ranked Score on 24 July 2012.*

| Player | From | To |
| --: | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2011-11-05* | 2012-04-20 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-04-20 |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-11-30 |

Author: Updated with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9f1ab80d6cb9c10aaabdd4b370ffe02008be4b8, need to add links to sources column at somepoint

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-11-30 |

Reviewer 2: forgot to link this source in the original review: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/77231?start=1474307

| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 20 |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 19 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 11 |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | <1 |

## Longest Individual Reigns

*Note: Only reigns over 100 days after 2011-04-23 are included.*

The following is a list of how many consecutive days a player from the previous lists has held the Rank #1 spot.

| Player | Reign Length (Days) |
| --: | :-: |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 460 |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | >456 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 256 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 242 |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 224 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 173 |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 167 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 145 |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 144 |

> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 142 |

Reviewer 2: This needs to be fixed again but I'm too dehydrated, hungry, and tired to do it right now. I might do it later if you don't get to it first.

> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 142 |

Reviewer 2: Needs to be updated with the new changes, might do it later.

Author: Going to leave this until everything is done since it is a slight pain to update while we are still changing things

Author: Resolving since updated.

| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-11-22 | 2015-11-28 |  |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-11-28 | 2015-12-17 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-17 | 2015-12-19 |  |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-19 | *2016-05-12* |  |

## 2016

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2015-12-19* | 2016-05-12 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-05-12 | 2016-06-25 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-06-25 | 2016-06-28 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-28 | 2016-10-04 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-05 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-05 | 2016-10-10 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-18 |  |

> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-21 |  |

Author: I am not entirely sure if this is a continuous reign. If you look at the leaderboard on [2016-10-18](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) and [2016-10-20](https://web.archive.org/web/20161020182026/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) the PP changes from:

1. Cookiezi 12,831pp -> 12,837pp
2. Angelsim 12,801pp -> 12,836pp

Due to the data gap on 2016-10-19, it's possible that Angelsim had a 1-day reign. Simultaneously https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/69fdad/players_who_hit_1/ suggests that Angelsim had 12,836pp on 2016-10-18.

I can't find anything that would clarify this, but it would be helpful if anyone does.

Reviewer 2: I think it's technically possible but it's more unlikely than not, as looking into that entire time period I couldn't find anything that suggests that Angelsim had a 1-day reign on that specific date.

> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-28 | 2016-10-04 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-05 |  |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-05 | 2016-10-10 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-18 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-21 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 |  |

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-09-20 | 2016-09-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160920022127/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/53l45k/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYLIg67pYo) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-09-25 | 2016-10-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160925212108/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/54ghvx/rafis_back_at_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSDzTScjbk) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56sl1o/rafis_takes_1_back_by_01pp/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-__ryiioI4) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[2\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56syc4/angelmegumin_is_back_at_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcHXexiJp0c) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56t713/rafis_takes_1_back_again/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cKdrio81Nc) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-11 | 2016-10-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011005428/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-21 | [\[1\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58gmoh/angelsims_back_to_1/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-21 |  [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021090628/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021202725/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58muhj/angelsim_is_now_1_again/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |
```

Holy crap October 2016 was intense, I think this should clear everything up including the [comment above](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720#discussion_r554659436)

| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-11 | 2007-11-17 |  |
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 2007-11-17 | 2007-11-23 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-11-23 | 2007-12-24 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2007-12-24 | *2008-09-07* |  |

## 2008

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | *2007-12-24* | 2008-09-07 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-07 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-10-07 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-10-07 | 2008-12-11 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-12-11 | *2009-01-19* |  |

## 2009

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | *2008-12-11* | 2009-01-19 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-01-19 | 2009-03-05  |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-03-05  | 2009-03-06  |  |

> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | March 2009  |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | March 2009 | 2009-03-18 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | 2009-03-16  |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2009-03-16 | 2009-03-18 |  |
```
Source: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | 2009-03-16  |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2009-03-16 | 2009-03-18 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
```

| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-18 | 2009-04-16 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | June 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | 2009-07-05 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-07-05 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-03 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-03 | October 2009 |  |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | *2010-02-07* |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* |  |
```
Source:
https://i.imgur.com/8irCSvO.jpg

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | *2010-02-07* |  |
> 
> ## 2010
> 
> | Player | From | To | Sources |
> | --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *November 2009* | 2010-02-07 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-12-08 | 2010-12-25 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2010-12-25 | *2010-02-07* |  |

## 2010

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2010-12-25* | 2010-02-07 |  |
```

I had a prediction Ana_Coppola would have a reign here, and I was percisely correct!

Doomsday achieves rank 1 by 8 December 2009: https://imgur.com/8irCSvO

Ana_Coppola takes rank 1 by 25 December 2009: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/21622?start=276369

H1ko takes rank 1 by 7 February 2010: https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking

I think it's highly likely the January 2011 Ana_Coppola reign had the wrong year, and that this reign checks off verifying Ana_Coppola.

Author: With sources should be like:
```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |

## 2010

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2009-12-25* | 2010-02-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
```

H1ko source should go on next line, will add new comment

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | *2010-02-07* |  |
> 
> ## 2010
> 
> | Player | From | To | Sources |
> | --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *November 2009* | 2010-02-07 |  |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* |  |

## 2010

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2009-12-08* | 2010-01-03 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-01-03 | 2010-07-10 |  |
```

by 8 December 2009 Doomsday achieves #1: https://i.imgur.com/8irCSvO.jpg

by 3 January 2011 Doomsday lost #1: https://i.imgur.com/X5MDhUp.jpg

Looking at the 7 February leaderboard, I think it's highly possible Ana_Coppola had #1 sometime during this period. They have sensible score for that, and that would also match up with them being an ex-rank 1 by 18 June. It could also explain the 2011 reign that seems nonexistent as confusion between 2011 and 2010.

| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 2010-07-10 | 2010-08-10 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-08-10 | September 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |  |

> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-12-08 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-12-08  | *2011-01-09* |  |
> 
> ## 2011
> 
> | Player | From | To | Sources |
> | --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-12-08* | 2011-01-09 |  |
> | ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2011-01-09 | January 2011 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | January 2011 | January 2011 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | January 2011 | 2011-02-01 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2011-02-01 | 2011-03-20 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-12-08  | *2011-01-09* |  |

## 2011

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-12-08* | 2011-01-09 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2011-01-09 | January 2011 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | January 2011 | January 2011 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | January 2011 | 2011-02-01 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2011-02-01 | 2011-03-20 |  |
```
```suggestion
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-11-22 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-11-22  | *2011-01-09* |  |

## 2011

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-11-22* | 2011-03-20 |  |
```

With no evidence to Ana_Coppola's or Flute's reigns here, and overwhelming evidence Doomsday held #1 throughout this period, these 2 should be removed until there's some sort of proof that these reigns actually existed.

Sources:
https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb
https://imgur.com/BTGUay5
https://imgur.com/isQQGTh
10 Years of osu!: A Retrospective: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T5F0Zzy6ps (relevant screenshot at 13:05)
https://imgur.com/ZTMfOai
https://imgur.com/CIoU29J

---
tags:
  - history
  - leaderboard
  - rank 1
  - rank #1
  - rankings
  - top player
---

<!-- Maintainers Note: Please refer to the original pull request for more info on sources at https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720 -->

# osu! Rankings History

The following is a list of players who are recognized to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! Global Rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).

> Over the years the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the years, the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:
```

- [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (July 2007 – 24 July 2012)
- [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) (24 July 2012 – 27 January 2014)
- [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) (27 January 2014 – Present)

> Because of this, this list will only include players who reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time of reaching said rank. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player are continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or onto the following year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this, this list will only include players who reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time of reaching said rank. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.
```

## 2007

> *Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may use months where exact dates aren't available.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may use months where exact dates are not available.*
```

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | 2007-10-4 | October 2007 |  |

> | ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | October 2007 | 2007-10-11 |  |

Author: According to https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/932 the very first version of Online Ranking was finished on 2007-10-01, the in-game online ranking display was added on the 2007-10-06 and the web Player Ranking page was added on the 2007-10-11. If we assume that https://web.archive.org/web/20071011215722/http://osu.ppy.sh:80/index.php?p=player is *effectively* the player ranking as it went up, we can say that Ivalset is likely to be the first-ever #1 player.

As far as I can tell there are no records of eyup having #1 before or after this capture, the only information we have on them having it is from people mentioning him in relevant threads at some point e.g. https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/77231 and https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/7koexn/osu_history_now_from_2007_and_with_bug_fixes/.

Now I do believe that he did have it at some point given how close he is in the rankings on [2007-10-24](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player), [2007-11-23](https://web.archive.org/web/20071123172250/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) and [2007-12-24](https://web.archive.org/web/20071224062629/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player). 

So the two questions I have are;

1. When did eyup get #1?
2. Should we count peppy?

I pose the question regarding peppy mostly because there isn't really any way of knowing if he had it given that all available info points to him never gaining enough score from when the rankings became public. Personally, I lean on the side of not including peppy but I want to know what other people think.

Reviewer 2: When it comes to peppy I'd say the same logic as all the other reigns applies here: If there are no sources for a reign, and no credible claim that reign happened, then that reign shouldn't be mentioned.

Author: I think something like this would be more accurate than what we currently have, I don't particularly *like* this, but without a miracle, I don't think we will find any exact dates for this time.

```
| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-11 | October 2007| [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011215722/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | October 2007 | 2007-10-24 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-24 | 2007-11-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
```

Author: @FlayFlayer and I have come to some resolutions that solidify the order for 2007 as suggested above. 

For point 1. [This thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/342) provides the most evidence we have that eyup was # 1 at some point in October 2007, while it's not an exact timestamp it's as close as I think we are going to get.

As of such the start of 2007 will become
```
| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-11 | 2007-10-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011215722/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 2007-10-15 | 2007-10-24 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/342) |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-24 | 2007-11-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
```

For point 2, we will drop peppy from the list due to lack of any actual sources to back up any claim. The closest that we get to justifying peppy is in the thread for [DISCO PRINCE](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/213). Its the first-ever ranked map so it is easy to assume that the first score submitted would be by peppy and as of such he should be the first-ever # 1. BUT the score that is currently submitted at https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1 doesn't exist, and [peppy's current submitted score]() on DISCO PRINCE is from July 2015. 

From this point the pieces of evidence that we have created a weird chain of events that doesn't hold up to scrutiny, as of such we are using the first saved player ranking on [the Wayback machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011215722/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) as a sort of ground zero for player rankings to maintain consistency.

| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-24 | 2007-11-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 2007-11-17 | 2007-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/963) |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-11-23 | 2007-12-24 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |

> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2007-12-24 | *2008-09-07* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071224062629/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |

Reviewer: is there a reason why there is only one bolded date here?

Author: `*Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.`

Since Ivalset isn't carrying it over from a previous year, It didn't make sense (to me) for it to be italicized.

Reviewer: totally forgot abt that, my bad

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | *2007-12-24* | 2008-09-07 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-07 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-10-07 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-10-07 | 2008-12-11 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-12-11 | *2009-01-19* |  |

## 2009

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | *2008-12-11* | 2009-01-19 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-01-19 | 2009-03-05  |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-03-05  | 2009-03-06  |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | March 2009  |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | March 2009 | 2009-03-18 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-18 | 2009-04-16 |  |

> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 |  |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | June 2009 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | 2009-05-03 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-05-03 | June 2009 |  |
```

Kubu overtakes Cyclone by 3 May 2009: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/12644?start=119633

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | 2009-05-03 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-05-03 | June 2009 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/12644?start=119633) |
```

> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-10-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-10-07 | 2008-12-11 |  |
> | ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-23 | *2009-01-19* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
> 
> ## 2009
> 
> | Player | From | To | Sources |
> | --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | *2008-12-11* | 2009-01-19 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-01-19 | 2009-03-05  |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-26 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-09-26 | 2008-11-13 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/6853?start=54620)  |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-13 | 2008-12-20 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7542) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-12-20 | *2009-03-05* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |

## 2009

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | *2008-12-20* | 2009-03-05  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
```

Found sources, dated reigns accordingly.

> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-10-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-10-07 | 2008-12-11 |  |
> | ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-23 | *2009-01-19* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
> 
> ## 2009
> 
> | Player | From | To | Sources |
> | --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | *2008-12-11* | 2009-01-19 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-01-19 | 2009-03-05  |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-26 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20080913072815/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-09-26 | 2008-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/6853?start=54620)  |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-23 | 2008-12-20 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-12-20 | *2009-03-05* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |

## 2009

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | *2008-12-20* | 2009-03-05  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
```

Found sources, dated reigns accordingly.

> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | *2007-12-24* | 2008-09-07 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071224062629/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
> | ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-26 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20080913072815/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-09-26 | 2008-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/6853?start=54620)  |
> | ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-23 | 2008-12-20 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-12-20 | *2009-03-05* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |

Reviewer: All foreign links should use title text to indicate the name of the website; i added most of them in for you
```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | *2007-12-24* | 2008-09-07 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071224062629/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2008-09-07 | 2008-09-26 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/5999) [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20080913072815/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-09-26 | 2008-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/6853?start=54620)  |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 2008-11-23 | 2008-12-20 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/7797) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2008-12-20 | *2009-03-05* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
```

Reviewer 2: If anything the text should be indicating the name of the post/article/video, rather than the website it's on. Doing it this way makes very little sense to me.

Reviewer: [its an ASC thing](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#external-links)™

Reviewer 2: I still find it wrong to prioritise the website name rather than the source name, especially when it comes to citations rather than just some external link. Since it's on the ASC though, I suppose the best compromise would be doing something like "Site - Source title". Otherwise, it's very difficult to understand where the link actually takes you to. I'll get to work on that later, but I do want to hear what you think too.

Reviewer: Well, the alt text for links isn't really meant to provide any "description" of what the link actually is, as that should be the job of title text.

There was a [discord convo](https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/218677502141399041/280008835207397387) abt this subject a while back (mega had mixed up "alt text" and "title text" here btw)

| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | 2009-07-05 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-07-05 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-03 |  |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-03 | October 2009 |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-02 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-02 | October 2009 |  |
```
H1ko achieved #1 a bit earlier, by 2 September 2009: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-03 |  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-03 | October 2009 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808) |
```

| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | *2010-02-07* |  |

## 2010

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *November 2009* | 2010-02-07 |  |

> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 |  |

Author: Add source from [comment](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/files/8f87c249258d4f83ae77fc6cc34ba0edb1eacfa9#r559074484)

```suggestion
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
```

> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | *2008-12-20* | 2009-03-05  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-03-05  | 2009-03-06  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2480?start=94840) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | 2009-03-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090306053814/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) |
> | ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2009-03-16 | 2009-03-17 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-17 | 2009-04-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090318132653/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090416172022/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/29130) |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | 2009-05-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090418063950/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-05-03 | June 2009 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/12644?start=119633) |
> | ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |  |
> | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | 2009-07-05 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-07-05 | July 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090714162313/https://osu.ppy.sh/u/18983) [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=190&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/25301195 ) |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/14784?start=179293) |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-02 | October 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090903052009/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f=) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=200&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
> | ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | *2008-12-20* | 2009-03-05  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-03-05  | 2009-03-06  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2480?start=94840) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | 2009-03-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090306053814/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2009-03-16 | 2009-03-17 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-17 | 2009-04-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090318132653/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090416172022/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/29130 "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | 2009-05-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090418063950/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-05-03 | June 2009 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/12644?start=119633) |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | 2009-07-05 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-07-05 | July 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090714162313/https://osu.ppy.sh/u/18983 "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=190&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/25301195 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/14784?start=179293) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-02 | October 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090903052009/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=200&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
```

Author: | ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | *2008-12-20* | 2009-03-05  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/8415)  |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-03-05  | 2009-03-06  |  [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2480?start=94840) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-06 | 2009-03-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090306053814/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/10683) |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 2009-03-16 | 2009-03-17 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-03-17 | 2009-04-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090318132653/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/11064) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-04-16 | 2009-04-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090416172022/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/29130 "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | 2009-04-18 | 2009-05-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090418063950/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2009-05-03 | June 2009 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/12644?start=119633) |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | June 2009 | July 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [Cyclone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18589) | July 2009 | 2009-07-05 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2009-07-05 | July 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090714162313/https://osu.ppy.sh/u/18983 "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=190&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/25301195) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/14784?start=179293) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-02 | October 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090903052009/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=200&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2009-12-08* | 2010-02-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 2010-07-10 | 2010-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/a/cF4mZqm) |
> | ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-08-10 | September 2010 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35178) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35345) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-11-28 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-11-28 | *2011-03-20* | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb) [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2009-12-08* | 2010-02-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 2010-07-10 | 2010-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/a/cF4mZqm "Imgur") |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-08-10 | September 2010 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35178) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35345) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-11-28 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-11-28 | *2011-03-20* | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb "Imgur") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
```

## 2011

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-11-28* | 2011-03-20 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb) [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-03-20 | 2011-04-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20130905210807/http://puu.sh/1gIC) |
> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 2011-04-23 | 2011-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110423224541/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-05-18 | 2011-06-05 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110518091909/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f=) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-06-05 | 2011-06-16 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-06-16 | 2011-11-05 |  |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2011-11-05 | *2012-04-20* |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-11-28* | 2011-03-20 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb "Imgur") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-03-20 | 2011-04-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20130905210807/http://puu.sh/1gIC "Internet Archive — puush") |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 2011-04-23 | 2011-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110423224541/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-05-18 | 2011-06-05 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110518091909/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-06-05 | 2011-06-16 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-06-16 | 2011-11-05 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2011-11-05 | *2012-04-20* |  |
```

## 2012

*Note: ppv1 fully replaced Ranked Score on 24 July 2012.*

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2011-11-05* | 2012-04-20 |  |
> | ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-04-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210104072637/http://geckogates.pristonworld.com/osu/gz_num1/) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/77231?start=1474307) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-04-21 | 2012-04-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120421025437/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
> | ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-29 | 2012-05-01 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120429092504/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-05-01 | 2012-11-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120503012726/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/39828)  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2012-11-30 | *2013-01-16* |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2011-11-05* | 2012-04-20 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-04-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210104072637/http://geckogates.pristonworld.com/osu/gz_num1/ "Internet Archive — geckogates.pristonworld.com") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/77231?start=1474307) |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-04-21 | 2012-04-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120421025437/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking) |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-29 | 2012-05-01 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120429092504/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-05-01 | 2012-11-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120503012726/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/39828 "Internet Archive — osu!")  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2012-11-30 | *2013-01-16* |  |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2011-11-05* | 2012-04-20 |  |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-20 | 2012-04-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210104072637/http://geckogates.pristonworld.com/osu/gz_num1/ "Internet Archive — geckogates.pristonworld.com") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/77231?start=1474307) |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-04-21 | 2012-04-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120421025437/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 2012-04-29 | 2012-05-01 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120429092504/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-05-01 | 2012-11-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120503012726/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/39828 "Internet Archive — osu!")  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2012-11-30 | *2013-01-16* |  |
```

## 2013

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2012-11-30* | 2013-01-16 |  |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2013-01-16 | 2013-01-21 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2013-01-21 | 2013-10-04 |  |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 2013-10-04 | 2013-10-05 |  |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2013-10-05 | 2013-10-20 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 2013-10-20 | 2013-12-29 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2013-12-29 | *2014-01-27* |  |

## 2014

> *Note: ppv2 was introduced on 27th January 2014.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: ppv2 was introduced on 27 January 2014.*
```

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-27 |  |

Author: While gathering sources for the start of rrtyui's reign, I restumbled upon this news post: https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2014-01-20-performance-ranking-maintenance

While I still need to gather sources for the leaderboard before this date, I want to see what people's opinions are on leaving 2014-01-20 to 2014-01-27 as vacant as PP was completely disabled for this period and when reenabled there was a new system and new rank 1. The three options are:

Option 1: Leave as is

```
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-27 |  |
```

Option 2: Only change WubWoofWolf To date

```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-20 |  |
```

Option 3: Changing WubWoofWolf To date and adding a Vacant to the list.

```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-20 |  |
| **Vacant** | 2014-01-20* | 2014-01-27 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2014-01-20-performance-ranking-maintenance)  |
```

Reviewer 2: I lean to either option 1 or 3. Option 2 is just confusing.

Reviewer: Personally, I lean towards Option 3, as it's more straightforward and raises less eyebrows

Author: Going to go with option 3, cheers for the feedback.

> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-27 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 2014-01-27 | 2014-06-20 |  |
> | ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 2014-06-20 | 2014-08-17 |  |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2014-08-17 | *2015-02-06* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | *2013-12-29* | 2014-01-27 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 2014-01-27 | 2014-06-20 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 2014-06-20 | 2014-08-17 |  |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2014-08-17 | *2015-02-06* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0 "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/87a86a4a0badbc92b5658043bf76e642a71612f1

## 2015

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2014-08-17* | 2015-02-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2015-02-06 | 2015-03-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206190712/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/wubwoofwolf) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/2v0gqj/www_is_now_1/) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325184217/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/308mes/hvick_takes_1_with_560pp_play/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHhBkdCLizs) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1906575547) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-11-22 | 2015-11-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151122193734/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3tufa4/rafis_is_now_the_rank_1_osustandard_player/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elafCS4CBA) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2017650172) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-11-28 | 2015-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3um0me/hvick_is_back_to_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vF2ic2treck) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2020492666) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-17 | 2015-12-19 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151217200752/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3x8i31/rafis_is_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTxJhPRuh0) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-19 | 2015-12-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151219205754/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3xgpdg/hvick225_1_yet_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-THPoG_Kd0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2031299587) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-30 | 2015-12-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230231205/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ysy54/rafis_is_1_once_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr-DC2dH_Sw) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038079133) |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-31 | *2016-05-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2014-08-17* | 2015-02-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0 "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2015-02-06 | 2015-03-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206190712/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/wubwoofwolf "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/2v0gqj/www_is_now_1/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325184217/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/308mes/hvick_takes_1_with_560pp_play/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHhBkdCLizs "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1906575547) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-11-22 | 2015-11-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151122193734/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3tufa4/rafis_is_now_the_rank_1_osustandard_player/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elafCS4CBA "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2017650172) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-11-28 | 2015-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3um0me/hvick_is_back_to_1/ "Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vF2ic2treck "YouTube") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2020492666) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-17 | 2015-12-19 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151217200752/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3x8i31/rafis_is_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTxJhPRuh0 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-19 | 2015-12-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151219205754/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3xgpdg/hvick225_1_yet_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-THPoG_Kd0 "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2031299587) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-30 | 2015-12-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230231205/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ysy54/rafis_is_1_once_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr-DC2dH_Sw "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038079133) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-31 | *2016-05-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2014-08-17* | 2015-02-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0 "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2015-02-06 | 2015-03-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206190712/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/wubwoofwolf "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119081120/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/2v0gqj/www_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325184217/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119081329/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/308mes/hvick_takes_1_with_560pp_play/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHhBkdCLizs "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1906575547) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-11-22 | 2015-11-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151122193734/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119081620/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3tufa4/rafis_is_now_the_rank_1_osustandard_player/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elafCS4CBA "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2017650172) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-11-28 | 2015-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119081804/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3um0me/hvick_is_back_to_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vF2ic2treck "YouTube") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2020492666) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-17 | 2015-12-19 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151217200752/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119082012/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3x8i31/rafis_is_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTxJhPRuh0 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-19 | 2015-12-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151219205754/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119082247/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3xgpdg/hvick225_1_yet_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-THPoG_Kd0 "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2031299587) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-30 | 2015-12-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230231205/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119083122/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ysy54/rafis_is_1_once_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr-DC2dH_Sw "YouTube") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038079133) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-31 | *2016-05-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119083354/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
```

## 2016

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2015-12-31* | 2016-05-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-05-12 | 2016-06-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512164834/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4j0q5l/rafis_submitted_a_score_got_1_global/) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-06-25 | 2016-06-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625160832/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4pstk8/cookiezi_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2Ylc4oz1w0) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-27 | 2016-09-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627192658/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4q4jdc/rafis_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVGREMxrelg) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-09-20 | 2016-09-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160920022127/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/53l45k/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYLIg67pYo) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-09-25 | 2016-10-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160925212108/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/54ghvx/rafis_back_at_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSDzTScjbk) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56sl1o/rafis_takes_1_back_by_01pp/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-__ryiioI4) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56syc4/angelmegumin_is_back_at_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcHXexiJp0c) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56t713/rafis_takes_1_back_again/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cKdrio81Nc) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-11 | 2016-10-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011005428/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-21 | [\[1\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58gmoh/angelsims_back_to_1/) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-21 |  [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021090628/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021202725/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58muhj/angelsim_is_now_1_again/) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |

Reviewer: cookie wtf
```suggestion
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2015-12-31* | 2016-05-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-05-12 | 2016-06-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512164834/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4j0q5l/rafis_submitted_a_score_got_1_global/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-06-25 | 2016-06-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625160832/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4pstk8/cookiezi_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2Ylc4oz1w0 "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-27 | 2016-09-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627192658/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4q4jdc/rafis_is_now_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVGREMxrelg "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-09-20 | 2016-09-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160920022127/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/53l45k/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_rank_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYLIg67pYo "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-09-25 | 2016-10-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160925212108/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/54ghvx/rafis_back_at_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSDzTScjbk "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56sl1o/rafis_takes_1_back_by_01pp/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-__ryiioI4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56syc4/angelmegumin_is_back_at_1/ "Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcHXexiJp0c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56t713/rafis_takes_1_back_again/ "Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cKdrio81Nc "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-11 | 2016-10-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011005428/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-21 | [\[1\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58gmoh/angelsims_back_to_1/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-21 |  [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021090628/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021202725/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58muhj/angelsim_is_now_1_again/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2015-12-31* | 2016-05-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119083354/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-05-12 | 2016-06-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512164834/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119083633/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4j0q5l/rafis_submitted_a_score_got_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-06-25 | 2016-06-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625160832/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084006/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4pstk8/cookiezi_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2Ylc4oz1w0 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-27 | 2016-09-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627192658/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084041/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4q4jdc/rafis_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVGREMxrelg "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-09-20 | 2016-09-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160920022127/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084217/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/53l45k/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_rank_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYLIg67pYo "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-09-25 | 2016-10-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160925212108/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084253/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/54ghvx/rafis_back_at_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSDzTScjbk "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084326/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084546/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084643/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084919/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56sl1o/rafis_takes_1_back_by_01pp/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-__ryiioI4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085142/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56syc4/angelmegumin_is_back_at_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcHXexiJp0c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085352/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56t713/rafis_takes_1_back_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cKdrio81Nc "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-11 | 2016-10-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011005428/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085415/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58gmoh/angelsims_back_to_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-21 |  [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021090628/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021202725/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085512/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58muhj/angelsim_is_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085711/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
```

## 2017

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085711/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
```

## 2018

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | 2018-01-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-01-21 | 2018-04-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180122113018/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/7s1i95/rafis_is_now_1_in_osustd/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6SPs67ZPGw) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-15 | 2018-04-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180420034757/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ciyxi/mathi_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-DE64dd-VI) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-04-22 | 2018-04-25 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8e04aw/rafis_has_taken_back_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uMxhsFiw54) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-25 | 2018-05-14 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180429184016/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ewq08/mathi_is_1_global_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JpMs_ZeQRM) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2018-05-14 | 2018-05-28 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8jgje8/cookiezi_is_now_global_1/) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-05-28 | 2018-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8mlo38/mathi_is_now_1_global/) |
> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2018-08-10 | 2018-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180810183300/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/965gv5/firebat92_is_now_1_global_passing_mathi/) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-09-02 | 2018-11-24 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180904171717/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/9ca4ew/mathi_is_now_1/) |
> | ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-11-24 | 2018-12-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181124210243/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a01mag/idke_has_reached_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYnCHFDUKR8) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-10 | 2018-12-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a4z4av/osustd_mathi_is_now_1_global_passing_idke/) |
> | ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-11 | 2018-12-13 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a53xo2/idke_is_now_1_global_with_mouse_only_and_his_head/) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-13 | 2018-12-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181214084650/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a5q7i3/mathi_is_now_1_global/) |
> | ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-16 | 2018-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6taiu/idke_is_1_global_again_overtaking_mathi/) |
> | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-17 | *2019-01-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | 2018-01-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-01-21 | 2018-04-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180122113018/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/7s1i95/rafis_is_now_1_in_osustd/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6SPs67ZPGw "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-15 | 2018-04-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180420034757/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ciyxi/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-DE64dd-VI "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-04-22 | 2018-04-25 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8e04aw/rafis_has_taken_back_1/ "Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uMxhsFiw54 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-25 | 2018-05-14 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180429184016/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ewq08/mathi_is_1_global_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JpMs_ZeQRM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2018-05-14 | 2018-05-28 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8jgje8/cookiezi_is_now_global_1/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-05-28 | 2018-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8mlo38/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2018-08-10 | 2018-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180810183300/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/965gv5/firebat92_is_now_1_global_passing_mathi/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-09-02 | 2018-11-24 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180904171717/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/9ca4ew/mathi_is_now_1/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-11-24 | 2018-12-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181124210243/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a01mag/idke_has_reached_rank_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYnCHFDUKR8 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-10 | 2018-12-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a4z4av/osustd_mathi_is_now_1_global_passing_idke/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-11 | 2018-12-13 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a53xo2/idke_is_now_1_global_with_mouse_only_and_his_head/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-13 | 2018-12-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181214084650/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a5q7i3/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-16 | 2018-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6taiu/idke_is_1_global_again_overtaking_mathi/ "Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-17 | *2019-01-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c "YouTube") |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | 2018-01-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119085711/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-01-21 | 2018-04-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180122113018/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119090225/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/7s1i95/rafis_is_now_1_in_osustd/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6SPs67ZPGw "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-15 | 2018-04-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180420034757/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119090305/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ciyxi/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-DE64dd-VI "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-04-22 | 2018-04-25 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119090822/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8e04aw/rafis_has_taken_back_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uMxhsFiw54 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-25 | 2018-05-14 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180429184016/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119091021/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ewq08/mathi_is_1_global_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JpMs_ZeQRM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2018-05-14 | 2018-05-28 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119091059/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8jgje8/cookiezi_is_now_global_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-05-28 | 2018-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119091319/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8mlo38/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2018-08-10 | 2018-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180810183300/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119092033/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/965gv5/firebat92_is_now_1_global_passing_mathi/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-09-02 | 2018-11-24 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180904171717/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119092415/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/9ca4ew/mathi_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-11-24 | 2018-12-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181124210243/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119092533/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a01mag/idke_has_reached_rank_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYnCHFDUKR8 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-10 | 2018-12-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119092708/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a4z4av/osustd_mathi_is_now_1_global_passing_idke/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-11 | 2018-12-13 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119092757/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a53xo2/idke_is_now_1_global_with_mouse_only_and_his_head/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-13 | 2018-12-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181214084650/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093116/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a5q7i3/mathi_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-16 | 2018-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093147/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6taiu/idke_is_1_global_again_overtaking_mathi/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-17 | *2019-01-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093241/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c "YouTube") |
```

| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-07-11 | 2019-07-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190711164923/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/cbwncx/idke_is_now_rank_1_passing_vaxei/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5inaaITdT4) |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-23 | 2019-10-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190724021716/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVFcCcgwlwg) |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | *2018-12-17* | 2019-01-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-01-12 | 2019-02-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190117233225/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/af1x9g/idke_is_now_1_global_again_passing_mathi/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3F2y-WQ3vM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-11 | 2019-02-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190211175218/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/apgi87/flyingtuna_has_reached_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEVTkmKYYPY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-02-17 | 2019-02-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190217221833/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/arnqwe/idke_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgkmFxuaqVQ "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-28 | 2019-03-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190228121742/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/avgo0d/flyingtuna_is_now_1_with_a_900pp_score/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ESrkRnEes "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-03-04 | 2019-03-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190305084348/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/ax70h4/idke_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lqdzflPVq4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-29 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190330150654/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b6zmvd/flyingtuna_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVv0bvV62rU "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331101522/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7iiem/klug_is_now_1_global/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60RMSzBiMnY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-05-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331232209/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7oljb/walkingtuna_formerly_known_as_flyingtuna_is_now/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU6k9nbg9hc "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-08 | 2019-05-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509091205/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bmb7tp/klug_is_now_1_passing_walkingtuna/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8vf_mznARM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-16 | 2019-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bpdrbk/idke_is_now_1_global_passing_freddie_benson/ "Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5yhTxznHIY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-05-18 | 2019-05-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190518192017/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bq4yrb/walkingtuna_is_now_1_passing_idke/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjJrpk5_XA8 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-27 | 2019-05-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190528114141/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/btq1dv/freddie_benson_is_now_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sk_b_7Bf7g "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-31 | 2019-06-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190604130007/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bv3keb/idke_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT-9WG8hajk) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-06-06 | 2019-06-07 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190606065349/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxc12c/freddie_benson_retakes_1/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGlB23TXTjI "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-06-07 | 2019-07-09 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190607104421/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxs9zw/idke_claris_kimi_no_shiranai_monogatari_serenity/ "Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEszRyOKHlA "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-09 | 2019-07-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190709104645/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/ "PC Gamer") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/caugmb/vaxei_is_now_officially_1_passing_idke/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AYkfX2KZfs "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-07-11 | 2019-07-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190711164923/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/ "PC Gamer") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/cbwncx/idke_is_now_rank_1_passing_vaxei/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5inaaITdT4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-23 | 2019-10-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190724021716/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVFcCcgwlwg "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "YouTube") |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | *2018-12-17* | 2019-01-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093241/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-01-12 | 2019-02-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190117233225/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093527/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/af1x9g/idke_is_now_1_global_again_passing_mathi/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3F2y-WQ3vM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-11 | 2019-02-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190211175218/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119093552/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/apgi87/flyingtuna_has_reached_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEVTkmKYYPY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-02-17 | 2019-02-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190217221833/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119094026/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/arnqwe/idke_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgkmFxuaqVQ "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-28 | 2019-03-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190228121742/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119094110/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/avgo0d/flyingtuna_is_now_1_with_a_900pp_score/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ESrkRnEes "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-03-04 | 2019-03-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190305084348/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119094135/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/ax70h4/idke_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lqdzflPVq4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-29 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190330150654/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119094631/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b6zmvd/flyingtuna_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVv0bvV62rU "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331101522/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119094713/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7iiem/klug_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60RMSzBiMnY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-05-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331232209/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119101253/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7oljb/walkingtuna_formerly_known_as_flyingtuna_is_now/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU6k9nbg9hc "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-08 | 2019-05-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509091205/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119101450/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bmb7tp/klug_is_now_1_passing_walkingtuna/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8vf_mznARM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-16 | 2019-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119101751/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bpdrbk/idke_is_now_1_global_passing_freddie_benson/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5yhTxznHIY "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-05-18 | 2019-05-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190518192017/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119101835/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bq4yrb/walkingtuna_is_now_1_passing_idke/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjJrpk5_XA8 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-27 | 2019-05-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190528114141/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102009/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/btq1dv/freddie_benson_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sk_b_7Bf7g "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-31 | 2019-06-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190604130007/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102214/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bv3keb/idke_is_now_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT-9WG8hajk) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-06-06 | 2019-06-07 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190606065349/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102053/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxc12c/freddie_benson_retakes_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGlB23TXTjI "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-06-07 | 2019-07-09 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190607104421/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102319/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxs9zw/idke_claris_kimi_no_shiranai_monogatari_serenity/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEszRyOKHlA "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-09 | 2019-07-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190709104645/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210120120740/https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/ "Internet Archive — PC Gamer") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102403/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/caugmb/vaxei_is_now_officially_1_passing_idke/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AYkfX2KZfs "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-07-11 | 2019-07-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190711164923/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210120120740/https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/ "Internet Archive — PC Gamer") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210210162547/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/cbwncx/idke_is_now_rank_1_passing_vaxei/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5inaaITdT4 "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-23 | 2019-10-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190724021716/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203225842/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/cgzhgn/vaxei_is_now_1_in_osustd_surpassing_idke/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210120115205/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVFcCcgwlwg "Internet Archive — YouTube") |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102542/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[5\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203170702if_/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "Internet Archive — YouTube") |
```

## 2020

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "YouTube") |
```

Author: | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | *2019-10-06* | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102542/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[5\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203170702if_/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "Internet Archive — YouTube") |

## 2021

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "YouTube") |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | *2019-10-06* | Present | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102542/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[5\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203170702if_/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "Internet Archive — YouTube") |
```

---
tags:
  - history
  - leaderboard
  - rank 1
  - rank #1
  - rankings
  - top player
---

<!-- Maintainers Note: Please refer to the original pull request for more info on sources at https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720 -->

# osu! Rankings History

The following is a list of players who are recognized to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! Global Rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).

Over the years, the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:

> - [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (July 2007 – 24 July 2012)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (1 October 2007 – 24 July 2012)
```

- [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) (24 July 2012 – 27 January 2014)
- [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) (27 January 2014 – Present)

Because of this, this list will only include players who reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time of reaching said rank. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.

## 2007

> *Note: During the period where Ranked Score was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may use months where exact dates are not available.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: During the period where [Ranked Score](/wiki/Score#ranked-score) was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may use months where exact dates are not available.*
```

| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | July 2009 | 2009-08-13 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2009-08-13 | 2009-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/14784?start=179293) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2009-09-02 | October 2009 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20090903052009/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/17003?start=194808) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=200&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | October 2009 | November 2009 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | November 2009 | 2009-12-08 |  |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2009-12-08 | *2010-02-07* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |

## 2010

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2009-12-08* | 2010-02-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
> | ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-07 | 2010-07-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
> | ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 2010-07-10 | 2010-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/a/cF4mZqm "Imgur") |
> | ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-08-10 | September 2010 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35178) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35345) |
> | ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |  |
> | ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-11-28 |  |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-11-28 | *2011-03-20* | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb "Imgur") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |

Author: Updating 2010 to match our current sources:

```suggestion
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | *2009-12-08* | January 2010 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/20010?start=262589) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | January 2010 | 2010-02-01 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/23308?start=315697) |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2010-02-01 | 2010-02-05 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/23715) |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-02-05 | 2010-03-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20100207194753/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/23308?start=315697) |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-03-17 | 2010-06-07 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/26603)  |
| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2010-06-07 | 2010-06-25 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/30241) |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 2010-06-25 | 2010-07-10 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/30241?start=416333) |
| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 2010-07-10 | 2010-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/a/cF4mZqm "Imgur") |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2010-08-10 | September 2010 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35178) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/35345) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | September 2010 | October 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | October 2010 | November 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | November 2010 | November 2010 |  |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | November 2010 | 2010-11-28 |  |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-11-22 | *2011-03-20* | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb "Imgur") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
```

It feels like we are still missing a bunch of changes during the first portion of the year... oh well...

Author: Resolving since no longer applicable to the current document as it has been added already.

| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | *2010-11-28* | 2011-03-20 | [\[1\]](https://imgur.com/VlP4LOb "Imgur") [\[2\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=555&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=785&v=0T5F0Zzy6ps "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-03-20 | 2011-04-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20130905210807/http://puu.sh/1gIC "Internet Archive — puush") |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 2011-04-23 | 2011-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110423224541/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-05-18 | 2011-06-05 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20110518091909/http://osu.ppy.sh/p/playerranking/?m=0&s=2&r=&q=&f= "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2011-06-05 | 2011-06-16 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-06-16 | 2011-11-05 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2011-11-05 | *2012-04-20* |  |

## 2012

> *Note: ppv1 fully replaced Ranked Score on 24 July 2012.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) fully replaced Ranked Score on 24 July 2012.*
```

| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-05-01 | 2012-11-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20120503012726/http://osu.ppy.sh/u/39828 "Internet Archive — osu!")  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2012-11-30 | *2013-01-16* |  |

## 2013

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2012-11-30* | 2013-01-16 |  |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2013-01-16 | 2013-01-21 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2013-01-21 | 2013-10-04 |  |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 2013-10-04 | 2013-10-05 |  |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2013-10-05 | 2013-10-20 |  |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 2013-10-20 | 2013-12-29 |  |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2013-12-29 | *2014-01-27* |  |

## 2014

> *Note: ppv2 was introduced on 27 January 2014.*

Author: ```suggestion
*Note: [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) was introduced on 27 January 2014.*
```

| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

## 2020

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

## 2021

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2014-08-17 | *2015-02-06* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |

## 2015

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2014-08-17* | 2015-02-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20140818131806/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/235678) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jW75bKPVP0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1782720884) |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2015-02-06 | 2015-03-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206190712/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/wubwoofwolf) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/2v0gqj/www_is_now_1/) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325184217/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/308mes/hvick_takes_1_with_560pp_play/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHhBkdCLizs) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/1906575547) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-11-22 | 2015-11-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151122193734/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3tufa4/rafis_is_now_the_rank_1_osustandard_player/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elafCS4CBA) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2017650172) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-11-28 | 2015-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3um0me/hvick_is_back_to_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vF2ic2treck) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2020492666) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-17 | 2015-12-19 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151217200752/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3x8i31/rafis_is_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqTxJhPRuh0) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-19 | 2015-12-30 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151219205754/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3xgpdg/hvick225_1_yet_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-THPoG_Kd0) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2031299587) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2015-12-30 | 2015-12-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230231205/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ysy54/rafis_is_1_once_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr-DC2dH_Sw) [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038079133) |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-31 | *2016-05-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |

## 2016

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | *2015-12-31* | 2016-05-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160101024536/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/hvick225) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/3ywmnf/hvick_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2038565115) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-05-12 | 2016-06-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512164834/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4j0q5l/rafis_submitted_a_score_got_1_global/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-06-25 | 2016-06-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625160832/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4pstk8/cookiezi_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2Ylc4oz1w0) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-06-27 | 2016-09-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627192658/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/4q4jdc/rafis_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVGREMxrelg) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-09-20 | 2016-09-25 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160920022127/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/53l45k/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYLIg67pYo) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-09-25 | 2016-10-03 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20160925212108/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/54ghvx/rafis_back_at_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSDzTScjbk) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56sl1o/rafis_takes_1_back_by_01pp/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-__ryiioI4) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56syc4/angelmegumin_is_back_at_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcHXexiJp0c) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-10 | 2016-10-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56t713/rafis_takes_1_back_again/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cKdrio81Nc) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-11 | 2016-10-18 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011005428/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-18 | 2016-10-20 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018110255/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-20 | 2016-10-21 | [\[1\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58gmoh/angelsims_back_to_1/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-21 |  [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021090628/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-21 | 2016-10-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021202725/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58muhj/angelsim_is_now_1_again/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |

## 2017

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | *2018-01-21* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |

## 2018

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | *2016-10-23* | 2018-01-21 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023123340/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/58xa3r/cookiezi_is_now_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnNHXFKe38c) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-01-21 | 2018-04-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180122113018/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/7s1i95/rafis_is_now_1_in_osustd/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6SPs67ZPGw) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-15 | 2018-04-22 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180420034757/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ciyxi/mathi_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-DE64dd-VI) |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2018-04-22 | 2018-04-25 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8e04aw/rafis_has_taken_back_1/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uMxhsFiw54) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-04-25 | 2018-05-14 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180429184016/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8ewq08/mathi_is_1_global_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JpMs_ZeQRM) |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2018-05-14 | 2018-05-28 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8jgje8/cookiezi_is_now_global_1/) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-05-28 | 2018-08-10 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/8mlo38/mathi_is_now_1_global/) |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2018-08-10 | 2018-09-02 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180810183300/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/965gv5/firebat92_is_now_1_global_passing_mathi/) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-09-02 | 2018-11-24 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20180904171717/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/9ca4ew/mathi_is_now_1/) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-11-24 | 2018-12-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181124210243/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a01mag/idke_has_reached_rank_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYnCHFDUKR8) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-10 | 2018-12-11 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a4z4av/osustd_mathi_is_now_1_global_passing_idke/) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-11 | 2018-12-13 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a53xo2/idke_is_now_1_global_with_mouse_only_and_his_head/) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-13 | 2018-12-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181214084650/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a5q7i3/mathi_is_now_1_global/) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2018-12-16 | 2018-12-17 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6taiu/idke_is_1_global_again_overtaking_mathi/) |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 2018-12-17 | *2019-01-12* | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c) |

## 2019

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | *2018-12-17* | 2019-01-12 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218083408/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mathi) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/a6xerb/mathi_is_1_again/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA3zCdb052c) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-01-12 | 2019-02-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190117233225/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/af1x9g/idke_is_now_1_global_again_passing_mathi/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3F2y-WQ3vM) |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-11 | 2019-02-17 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190211175218/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/apgi87/flyingtuna_has_reached_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEVTkmKYYPY) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-02-17 | 2019-02-28 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190217221833/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/arnqwe/idke_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgkmFxuaqVQ) |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-02-28 | 2019-03-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190228121742/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/avgo0d/flyingtuna_is_now_1_with_a_900pp_score/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ESrkRnEes) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-03-04 | 2019-03-29 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190305084348/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/ax70h4/idke_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lqdzflPVq4) |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-29 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190330150654/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b6zmvd/flyingtuna_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVv0bvV62rU) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-03-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331101522/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7iiem/klug_is_now_1_global/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60RMSzBiMnY) |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-03-31 | 2019-05-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331232209/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/b7oljb/walkingtuna_formerly_known_as_flyingtuna_is_now/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU6k9nbg9hc) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-08 | 2019-05-16 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509091205/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bmb7tp/klug_is_now_1_passing_walkingtuna/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8vf_mznARM) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-16 | 2019-05-18 | [\[1\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[2\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bpdrbk/idke_is_now_1_global_passing_freddie_benson/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5yhTxznHIY&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=cpol) |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 2019-05-18 | 2019-05-27 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190518192017/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/flyingtuna) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bq4yrb/walkingtuna_is_now_1_passing_idke/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjJrpk5_XA8) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-05-27 | 2019-05-31 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190528114141/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/btq1dv/freddie_benson_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sk_b_7Bf7g) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-05-31 | 2019-06-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190604130007/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bv3keb/idke_is_now_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT-9WG8hajk) |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 2019-06-06 | 2019-06-07 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190606065349/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/freddie%20benson/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxc12c/freddie_benson_retakes_1/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGlB23TXTjI) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-06-07 | 2019-07-09 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190607104421/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/bxs9zw/idke_claris_kimi_no_shiranai_monogatari_serenity/) [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEszRyOKHlA) |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-09 | 2019-07-11 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190709104645/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/) [\[3\]](https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/caugmb/vaxei_is_now_officially_1_passing_idke/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AYkfX2KZfs) |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 2019-07-11 | 2019-07-23 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190711164923/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/idke/) [\[3\]](https://www.pcgamer.com/two-teens-are-on-a-crazy-world-record-race-in-extremely-challenging-rhythm-game-osu/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/cbwncx/idke_is_now_rank_1_passing_vaxei/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5inaaITdT4) |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2019-07-23 | 2019-10-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20190724021716/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/vaxei/) [\[3\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVFcCcgwlwg) |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

## 2020

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |

## 2021

| Player | From | To | Sources |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | *Present* | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101/) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/) [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/) [\[5\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0) |
```

- Replaced all www.reddit.com links with old.reddit.com.

- Archived all the old.reddit.com links used (I will get to the rest of the links momentarily).

- Removed a duplicate Cookiezi reign in 2016 (2016-10-23 | 2018-01-21)

| ![][flag_UY] [H1ko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58710) | 2 |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 2 |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2 |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2 |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2 |
| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 2 |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 1 |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 1 |
| ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 1 |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 1 |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 1 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 1 |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 1 |

## Longest Combined Reign Length

> *Note: Only reigns after 2011-04-23 are included.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Only reigns after 23 April 2011 are included.*
```
[for some weird reason](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#date-and-time) the ASC only allows year-month-day in tables

Author: <insert themoreyouknow.gif here> 

This date may change depending on how well down we can get the earlier years, so just going to leave as is for the moment until we are sure as to how far back we can go.

Author: Resolving since no longer applicable to the current document.

| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 467 |
| ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | >456 |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 242 |
| ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) | 212 |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 144 |
| ![][flag_US] [idke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4650315) | 132 |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 77 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 70 |
| ![][flag_KR] [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) | 59 |
| ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 58 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 38 |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 33 |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 20 |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 19 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 11 |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | <1 |

## Longest Individual Reigns

> *Note: Only reigns over 100 days after 2011-04-23 are included.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Only reigns over 100 days after 23 July 2011 are included.*
```

Author: Resolving since no longer applicable to the current document.

---
tags:
  - history
  - leaderboard
  - rank 1
  - rank #1
  - rankings
  - top player
---

<!-- Maintainers Note: Please refer to the original pull request for more info on sources at https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720 -->

# osu! rankings history

The following is a list of players who are recognised to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! global rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).

Over the years, the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:

- [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (6 October 2007 – 24 July 2012)
- [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) (24 July 2012 – 27 January 2014)
- [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) (27 January 2014 – Present)

> Because of this, this list only includes players who have reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because of this, this list only includes players who have reached rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as the osu!'s rank #1 holder either from the previous year or into the following year.
```

> While it has been assumed that ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) was the first Rank #1 player, no sources have been able to validate this claim.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) was assumed to be the first rank #1 holder, no sources were able to validate this claim.
```

Author: While changing to `have been` to `were` probably doesn't change the meaning too much, the thing that we wanted to try and convey is that it's not that no sources exist that could prove this, but that we weren't able to find any, there could be something out there that can prove it, but we are yet to find it.

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/b9d74eb7bc8685b477ba43c929328ba7a27275cd

## 2007

> *Note: During the period where [Ranked Score](/wiki/Score#ranked-score) was used, Rank #1 would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may have reduced accuracy. Detailed information can be found on the ranked score estimated global leaderboard reconstruction project [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fcFtTNim7hminC2LaMGwTBwa6_GIHU8Sz-wQ_eXymiE/edit?usp=sharing "Google Sheets").*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Note: During the period where [Ranked Score](/wiki/Score#ranked-score) was used, the rank #1 holder would change frequently, thus the earlier listings may have reduced accuracy. Detailed information can be found on the estimated reconstruction of the Ranked Score global leaderboard, which is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fcFtTNim7hminC2LaMGwTBwa6_GIHU8Sz-wQ_eXymiE "Google Sheets").*
```

| --: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | *2019-10-06* | 2021-04-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20191006200709/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102542/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203170702if_/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "Internet Archive — YouTube") |
| ![][flag_AU] [rushia1 (*mrekk*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) | 2021-04-08 | Present | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mrekk/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/mmkaag/mrekk_is_now_1_surpassing_whitecat/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/3584256449") [\[6\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/mmkajm/mrekk_colorsslash_colors_power_ni_omakasero/ "Reddit") [\[7\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQLVNqfqaOE "YouTube") |

> ## Number of reigns

Reviewer 4: this section, as well as "Longest combined reign length" and "Longest individual reigns", needs a date stamp (time stamp, even) -- the real numbers change eventually and it'll take some digging to figure out which date they belonged to

Author: I can't entirely agree that the Number of Reigns and Longest combined reign length needs date stamps adding to them as I think they would make the tables harder to read at a glance. Still, I can see how including them for the Longest individual reigns table would be beneficial.

Reviewer 4: I don't mean a time stamp for every entry, just for the whole table ("captured on 2021-mm-dd")

Author: Oh, I see. Yeah, I can see how that would be useful. 

~~Though a more elegant solution would be for wiki articles to have when they were last modified included in them by default~~

> The following is a list of the total amount of times a player in the previous lists has reached the Rank #1 spot in their lifetime (As of 3 June 2021.)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the total amount of times a player in the previous lists has reached the Rank #1 spot in their lifetime (as of 3 June 2021).
```

> The following is a list of the total amount of times a player in the previous lists has reached the Rank #1 spot in their lifetime (as of 3 June 2021).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the total amount of times a player has reached the rank #1 spot in their playtime (as of 3 June 2021).
```

| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 4 |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 4 |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 3 |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 2 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 2 |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | 2 |
| ![][flag_CN] [5231_Kinoko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/181057) | 1 |
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 1 |
| ![][flag_TW] [f0012979](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143) | 1 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [La Valse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70863) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 1 |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 1 |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 1 |
| ![][flag_AU] [rushia1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 1 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 1 |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 1 |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 1 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 1 |
```

| ![][flag_JP] [zaru-d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/79678) | 1 |

## Longest combined reigns

> *Note: The current Rank #1 reign is excluded.*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Note: The current rank #1 reign is excluded.*
```

> The following is a list of the total amount of days that a player in the previous lists has had the Rank #1 spot (As of 3 June 2021.)

Author: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the total amount of days that a player in the previous lists has had the Rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).
```

> The following is a list of the total amount of days that a player in the previous lists has had the Rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the total amount of days that a player has held the rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).
```

> | Player | Length (Days) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Player | Length (days) |
```

| --: | :-: |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 968 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 578 |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 550 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 550 |
```

| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 44 |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 39 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 37 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 35 |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 34 |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 33 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 33 |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 27 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 26 |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 20 |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 13 |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 13 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 8 |
| ![][flag_KR] [La Valse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70863) | 7 |
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 6 |
| ![][flag_TW] [f0012979](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143) | 4 |
| ![][flag_CN] [5231_Kinoko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/181057) | 1 |
| ![][flag_FI] [thelewa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/475021) | 1 |

> ## Longest individual reigns

Reviewer 4: open question: do you need to list multiple reigns of the same player?

Reviewer 4: nah what you have is alright

> *Note: Only reigns over 100 days are included. The current Rank #1 reign is excluded.*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Note: Only reigns over 100 days are included. The current rank #1 reign is excluded.*
```

> The following is a list of the longest consecutive days a player from the previous lists has held the Rank #1 spot (As of 3 June 2021.)

Author: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the longest consecutive days a player from the previous lists has held the Rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).
```

> The following is a list of the longest consecutive days a player from the previous lists has held the Rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the longest consecutive days a player has held the rank #1 spot (as of 3 June 2021).
```

> | Player | Reign Length (Days) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Player | Reign length (days) |
```

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720/commits/46461eb01e3ca8ecafec217d65128611d7906d23

| --: | :-: |

> | ![][flag_DE] [Whitecat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 550 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 550 |
```

> | Player | Reign Length (Days) |
> | --: | :-: |
> | ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 550 |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 455 |
> | ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 258 |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 256 |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 242 |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 176 |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 173 |
> | ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 167 |
> | ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 150 |
> | ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 144 |
> | ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 133 |
> | ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 109 |

Author: I want to see if this would be a change that other people think is useful.

```suggestion
| Player | From | To | Reign Length (Days) |
| --: | :-- | :-- | :-: |
| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | 2019-10-06 | 2021-04-08 | 550 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-23 | 2018-01-21 | 455 |
| ![][flag_US] [Saturos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3781) | 2007-12-23 | 2008-09-06 | 258 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2013-01-21 | 2013-10-04 | 256 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-03-25 | 2015-11-22 | 242 |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2012-06-05 | 2012-11-28 | 176 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2014-08-17 | 2015-02-06 | 173 |
| ![][flag_PL] [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) | 2011-11-05 | 2012-04-20 | 167 |
| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2011-06-08 | 2011-11-05 | 150 |
| ![][flag_JP] [rrtyui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352328) | 2014-01-27 | 2014-06-20 | 144 |
| ![][flag_TW] [hvick225](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/50265) | 2015-12-31 | 2016-05-12 | 133 |
| ![][flag_GB] [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983) | 2010-10-03 | 2011-01-20 | 109 |
```

Reviewer 4: I like that idea, gives a better overview

Reviewer 3: could be a useful information to include i guess

> <!-- Includes -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
no need for this

---
tags:
  - history
  - leaderboard
  - rank 1
  - rank #1
  - rankings
  - top player
---

<!-- Maintainers Note: Please refer to the original pull request for more info on sources at https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4720 -->

# osu! rankings history

> The following is a list of players who are recognized to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! Global Rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following is a list of players who are recognized to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! global rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a list of players who are recognised to have reached Rank #1 in the [osu! global rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance).
```
also needs change to british spelling

Over the years, the osu! global rankings has used three different systems for ranking players:

- [Ranked Score](/wiki/score#ranked-score) (6 October 2007 – 24 July 2012)
- [ppv1](/wiki/Performance_points/ppv1) (24 July 2012 – 27 January 2014)
- [ppv2](/wiki/Performance_points) (27 January 2014 – Present)

> Because of this, this list will only include players who reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time of reaching said rank. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Because of this, this list only includes players who have reached Rank #1 on the main leaderboard that was used at the time. *Italicized* dates and numbers indicate that the corresponding player is continuing their reign as osu!'s Rank #1 player either from the previous year or into the following year.
```

> ## Why isn't peppy included

Reviewer 5: i'm not sure this needs to be an entire section

```suggestion
## Why peppy isn't included
```

Reviewer: > i'm not sure this needs to be an entire section

second this

Author: I'm going to leave the sentence in place but remove the section header since it is unnecessary on reflection.

```suggestion
```

| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 2007-10-06 | 2007-10-09 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/318) [\[2\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071117154117/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=song&s=1 "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-09 | 2007-10-15 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011215722/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 2007-10-15 | 2007-10-24 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/342) |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-10-24 | 2007-11-06 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20071024063540/http://osu.ppy.sh/index.php?p=player "Internet Archive — osu!") |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 2007-11-06 | 2007-11-15 | [\[1\]](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fcFtTNim7hminC2LaMGwTBwa6_GIHU8Sz-wQ_eXymiE/edit?usp=sharing "Google Sheets") |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 2007-11-15 | 2007-11-17 | [\[1\]](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fcFtTNim7hminC2LaMGwTBwa6_GIHU8Sz-wQ_eXymiE/edit?usp=sharing "Google Sheets") |

> | ![][flag_NZ] [Echo *(Echo45)*](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 2007-11-17 | 2007-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/963) |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo (*Echo45*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 2007-11-17 | 2007-11-23 | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/963) |
```

| ![][flag_KR] [chocomint (*Cookiezi*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/124493) | 2016-10-03 | 2016-10-04 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161004002312/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/chocomint "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084326/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55qpfb/cookiezi_has_overtaken_rafis_as_1_again/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un2rRfZ2VSM "YouTube") |
| ![][flag_PL] [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) | 2016-10-04 | 2016-10-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161006200257/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/rafis "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084546/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/55ukyl/rafis_claimed_back_rank_1/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/2184102984) |

> | ![][flag_KR] [firebat92(*AngeLMegumin*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084643/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM "YouTube") |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92 (*AngeLMegumin*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 2016-10-08 | 2016-10-10 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20161008045636/https://osu.ppy.sh/p/pp "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/firebat92 "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119084643/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/56fg8r/angelmegumin_is_now_1_global/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL5ZQgBMWtM "YouTube") |
```

| ![][flag_DE] [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) | *2019-10-06* | 2021-04-08 | [\[1\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20191006200709/https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance "Internet Archive — osu!") [\[2\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/whitecat/ "osu!track") [\[3\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210119102542/https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/de8duf/whitecat_is_now_1_global_on_osustandard/ "Internet Archive — Reddit") [\[4\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20210203170702if_/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4R7lovF-0 "Internet Archive — YouTube") |
| ![][flag_AU] [rushia1 (*mrekk*)](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) | 2021-04-08 | Present | [\[1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance) [\[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) [\[3\]](https://ameobea.me/osutrack/user/mrekk/ "osu!track") [\[4\]](https://old.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/mmkaag/mrekk_is_now_1_surpassing_whitecat/ "Reddit") [\[5\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/3584256449") [\[6\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/osugame/comments/mmkajm/mrekk_colorsslash_colors_power_ni_omakasero/ "Reddit") [\[7\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQLVNqfqaOE "YouTube") |

## Number of reigns

> The following is a list of the the total amount of times a player on the previous list has reached the Rank #1 spot in their lifetime.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following is a list of the the total amount of times a player in the previous lists has reached the Rank #1 spot in their lifetime.
```

| ![][flag_KR] [sayonara-bye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/713266) | 58 |
| ![][flag_PL] [Kubu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29130) | 51 |
| ![][flag_CN] [Ana_Coppola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88717) | 44 |
| ![][flag_US] [Ivalset](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/827) | 39 |
| ![][flag_TW] [Uan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/147623) | 37 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Reimu-Desu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/948713) | 35 |
| ![][flag_KR] [firebat92](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1777162) | 34 |
| ![][flag_AU] [eyup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/88) | 33 |
| ![][flag_US] [geckogates](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/252524) | 33 |
| ![][flag_US] [Rolled](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5243) | 27 |
| ![][flag_KR] [Sure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70730) | 26 |
| ![][flag_DE] [ShadowSoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/494970) | 20 |
| ![][flag_US] [Freddie Benson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7342622) | 13 |
| ![][flag_JP] [tobebuta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14053) | 13 |
| ![][flag_JP] [Flute](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/211278) | 8 |
| ![][flag_KR] [La Valse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/70863) | 7 |
| ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | 6 |
| ![][flag_TW] [f0012979](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143) | 4 |

> | ![][flag_AU] [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | 4 |

Author: Yup, I just missed it. Whoops.
 ```suggestion
```
